and this video,
we're going to speak about creating custom pivot table styles.
So in Excel you can create a customized pivot table style.
Or you can even duplicate a built in style from the styles that we've seen on the previous
video and make some adjustments of your own and make it your customized style.
So to do this,
you can select any cell inside your pivot table and then go to the design tab here on the
ribbon.
And then you can either create a new pivot table style from scratch.
But I think that that will be a long process for you so you can click here and create a new
pivot,
stable style.
Another option is that you can duplicate an existing style,
which is what most people would do so you'd right click and then duplicate here.
And then this way you have another style,
and then you can name it custom style green,
for example.
This is a green style overall,
and then you might just do a few adjustments so you can do adjustments to any of the
elements here.
Feel free to explore them so you click on the element and then click on format and then you
can do Adjust Mr the Color.
So say I'm just gonna change the shade of green for the hetero to another shade click.
OK,
just a minor change and there is an option here,
a check box to set this as the full pivot table style for this document.
That is,
whenever you insert a pivot table will be inserted with this style.
But I'm not going to use that and you can press okay here and this way you will have your
own custom style.
Here,
this is we've got our system style.
You click on it while selecting your pivot table,
you pivot table will be styled using that style.
Now,
a question that might pop up in the students had when seeing this video is how can I make a
custom style available for any workbook while unfortunately,
there is no built in way in excel to do that.
However,
there are work arounds for it.
So axity there to workarounds because there is a work around for 2013 in 2010 and there is
another work around a different one for 2016.
So actually,
the worker runs for 2010 and 2013 will not work in 2016.
So first of all,
the work around for 2000 and 10 and 13 would be to actually select your pivot table.
Go to the analyze tab on the ribbon,
select the whole pivot table here,
entire pivot table and then control,
See to copy.
And then go to your,
for example,
new sheet or new workbook that you need to copy the pivot table style too,
and paste your pivot table.
Obviously,
this is not gonna work here because this is Excel 2016.
But this is how you do it in Excel 2010 or 2000 and 13.
So actually select my favorite table and deleted here,
and this is not gonna work.
So I'll go back to my original workbook here and in order to move your style from one
workbook to another in Excel 2016 what you need to do is to copy your sheet from your
current workbook to the other workbook in Excel 2016 and you need to copy using a certain
technique.
So actually you need to have your old workbook hanging over the new workbook this way.
So I've got my old workbook here,
or the original work for custom pivot table styles over the new workbook,
which is called New Sheet.
And then you can press the control button press and hold a control button on your keyboard
and then make a copy of your worksheet to the new one like this.
And now the new works.
It has been copied,
and now your style has been imported.
So if you go to the design tab on the ribbon here,
you'll find your new style here.
Even if you delete the pivot table,
even if you select it and then delete it and that insert another pivot table,
insert a pivot table to a new worksheet.
Here you go to the design top on the ribbon.
You will have your stylus well still available.
Okay,
so that's how you can move your style from one workbook to another in Excel 2016.
Unfortunately,
there's no built in way to do it so far,
so thanks for watching.
I'll see on the next one